made her that'd be so cool to know magic
I know a little bit of magic what
there's no way you don't know magic why
sure I do I used to put on magic shows
well you remember you was there ladies
and gentlemen welcome to my first annual
magic show featuring me doh mater to
start out I'd like to do some magic and
get into my costume that's better now
which one of yous would like to see some
magic
raise your hood all right Lightning
McQueen come on up Wow meteor I'm so
excited to be up here what are you gonna
do well buddy how would you like to go
to the moon what to the moon can I get a
drumroll please
Abra Cadabra wow this is so cool I have
jetpacks I really could go to the moon
Wow look at me this is awesome how would
you like to be something different now
yeah yeah yeah definitely
let's see Abra Cadabra I wanna be bigger
I don't want to be small like this okay
buddy you asked for it abracadabra Wow
Wow look at me
Wow Thank You mater think I'll say this
was all right who next like come see
some magic raise your hood me me me all
right Sheriff get on up here time for
you to see some magic all right Sheriff
you ever seen a baby sheriff before what
no such thing as a baby sheriff no wire
well now there is
Abra Cadabra how did you do that there's
not supposed to be a baby Sheriff well
that's my magic so neat Sheriff you can
do anything you want to take him away
well major that was a really cool show
and all but I'd like to go back now to
how I normally am well buddy I never
have done that before I don't know how
to do that what you telling me you don't
know how to switch us back well
shouldn't you be able to do that with
magic
well yeah but I've never done it oh no
amen I think to get him back to how you
was before you have to say abracadabra
backwards it's worth the try all right
Cadabra Abra oh great we're back to
normal now okay
thanks Ramon and thanks major
I guess thank you ladies and gentlemen
for watching my magic show please like
and subscribe whatever that means
mater that didn't really happen okay if
you're really a magician why don't you
show me some magic all right buddy you
asked for Abra Cadabra ah made her turn
me back right now turn me back I thought
you wanted to see magic buddy
well I did but turn me back now turn me
back all right
abracadabra it's still not working
I thought you're supposed to say Cadabra
Abra Wow how did I do that well buddy
looks like you know magic too
- ciao